Scrum master: Jesudas Joseph

Deadline: Nov 20th, 2020

Sprint goal:
	Design a UI prototype for both instructor/student websites and build a base database, query server and a simple front-end website to demonstrate our query setup.

Product log:
	- Instructor UI Design (PC/Mobile)
	- Student UI Design (PC/Mobile)
	- Front-end prototype
	- Database Design
	- Find and setup a test server environment

Member task:
	Jesudas Joseph:
		Student UI Design (PC/Mobile),
		Database Design

	Jackson Miller:
		Instructor UI Design (PC/Mobile),

	Ghaith Shan:
		Front-end prototype

Scrum record:
	First Thursday: //Replace with data
		Jesudas started the student UI prototype for PC, hit a roadblock in a simple design for tables. Ghaith pointed the team to Figma, an online app that is used for UI prototyping.

	Second Thursday: //Replace with date
		Jackson started the instructor UI prototype for PC, Jesudas fixed a few student UI things and started the Mobile side of things.

	Friday Nov 13, 2020

		TODO:
			Ghaith - Cleaning up front-end and throwing it in the repo.
			Jesudas - Setting up server space for development tests, UI improvements
			Jackson - Instructor UI improvements and documentation.

	Monday Nov 16, 2020

		Progress:
			Ghaith - Fixing up template before pushing react website to main branch.
			Jesudas - Setup server space with a development html server. Setup mongodb in the server space. Learned a little about how mongodb works. Made a few Student mobile UI prototype adjustments
			Jackson - UNKNOWN

		TODO:
			Ghaith - Continue setting up react frontend base, look into query server stuff
			Jesudas - Setup test database entries for basic query tests. cleanup student UI.
			Jackson - Fine-tune instructor UI prototype.

	Wednesday Nov 18, 2020

		Progress:
			Ghaith - Got some of the front end done, still setting up a basic structure
			Jesudas - Got mongoDB running
			Jackson - UNKNOWN

		TODO:
			Ghaith - Commit and push frontend code
			Jesudas - Get one frontend-server-database query working.
			Jackson - UNKNOWN
